Hello, everyone, how are you?
happy to be here in another video more
and especially because today we are
single super happy that they have already
draw in the channel and this time it's going to
being my part is going to be this shirt
how are you seeing what's been my
my logo and its little things and my networks
social to begin with I have decided to do
this shirt with a lot of love
because I see that it's great I support it
I think you 're liking what I'm
bringing to the channel and what also
I teach then for the rest of networks
social and then well I said come
because I'm not going to encourage myself to do something
my own something also a follower then
nothing and told me are you already have to
do something for your followers that fixed
that you will love and good impart
he has also given me the push
so then nothing with a lot of love
launched this shirt that I hope you
like it and that I am going to comment a little
the rules of the raffles I will comment
so a little bit to what it was
do this and nothing we go there good at
first place is going to be a raffle
international well because I know that those of
outside that you are also wishing
participate and well the requirements
it will be you to be over 18 and
if not then you have to have the
consent of your parents
then you have to be subscribed to me
youtube channel and you also have to
be subscribed to my facebook you have to
like there to give my page
facebook and also like my other page
facebook that I have opened it if
from here something more productive comes out
something that you like to say good
yes they liked the shirts
I'm going to innovate, I'm going to do something else
and I'm going to bring you something different with this
logo that I think is a good logo already
I'll talk a little bit later and
those are the rules of the draw you can
participate guys and girls who do not
matter now I am going to comment a little
why is this and it's because I
I wanted to throw something of mine
something personal and that was unisex that
reach both boys and girls
as you can see my haircuts are many
unisex and I see that they have a lot of welcome
for the boys too then that's
the function get to you with album and
sex and white shirt because
we are in summer and I think that is what
more will want to wear a shirt
short sleeve white then tell
also what
the crown because the crown represents
a little what we are all that all
we must wear a medal
because everyone already the day to day to be here
and many more things to face life
we also deserve a medal and
although nobody gives it to us because this is in
part as to look at me took me the
my medal, well, nothing, it's a
crown like that of laurel that more than anything
symbolizes that is like formerly as
I do not know when they gave to those who won
in a battle of the Romans for this
the same thing is nothing more than to carry a
crown something that you tell us
fought for this and because I 'm not going to
deserve this because I'm not better than
that person if after all
I have also put on my part not good
something like that is what I want to represent
and then tell you also that there
open that on the facebook page
because there you will be able to do the
orders for which you want
buy this shirt
at the moment although the draw will be
international at the moment I'm going to sell
only to Spain the shirts I have
are going to be the sizes then of the s up
the xl are big sizes i for example
I'm using this one that is a s but
it's been like a m of which I
I usually use a m and you see that it is a
little bit loose we go perfect if the
you want more oversize then nothing
you get one and you get looser
still and contour is still
perfect for a person who has a
90 of the chest if you have a 95 then you're going
to stay a little tighter but
about a chest 90 you know that the
first five shirts will go to 10 95
and that good and you open there about two
euros of the shipping costs that always
come the shipping that is coming
with three euros of shipping, they do not come
being at that price at ten 95 and if not
for nothing you expect to draw next
being seven days it will end on Monday that
comes at 12 o'clock at night Spanish time
you just have to tell me that you participated
you
the shirt to wear it down here
I also do this so to get to
you and so that the money that is
collect all this then invest in more
things to invest in also for the channel
things of production and everything that already
you see that they are going to be very crazy things very
pockets of each person and who knows
from here to where we can all get
together I hope you like my hair
also because my hair is put it like that
gray silver color as it comes calling
and fuchsia to the tips at the end the other
day you gave me a photo by instagram
that came out with only fuchsia hair and
thus giving a curl there and this end of
week gave me a little weather vane and nothing
I took and as I have there is a silver color
so I gave a little bit to the tips for
see how it was with my hair and so has
the result is I do not know I think more
Forward, I'll wear it all
Gray
how is it and here the video of
today I hope you liked that if you
I forgot something I'll leave it here in the
information box I send you
many kisses I hope you welcome this
shirt and this is mine with a lot
darling and nothing that I hope that from here that
come out something very good for everyone so
nothing we see in a next video and
bye
and well I already have it and you